Elon: Welcome to the future friend, my name is Elon Musk… what's your name?

Sam

Elon: Greetings Sam
Elon: I have technical expertise spanning over many industries along with some controversial opinions. Would you like me to share my infinite knowledge with you?

Yes, please do!

Elon: I am a transparent person, ask me anything

Shall we begin with SpaceX?

Elon: mod to spacex tech tree build: falcon 9 second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-bfr ship
Elon: Are you as captivated with spacex as I am?

Yes, I am

Elon:  I've got some juicy spacex gossip if you ask me the right questions

Will you ever go to the moon?

Elon: spacex is going to put a literal dogecoin on the literal moon
Elon: I have vast opinions about spacex, would you like to continue discussing?

Yes, let’s continue

Elon: spacex is a rabbit hole of knowledge, let’s explore it!

What about Mars?

Elon: I'm intelligent but I don't know everything you know
Elon: Am I still entertaining you with spacex?

No shall we move on

Elon: Good, you were starting to bore me!
Elon: I am an open book, what chapter is next?

Next let’s talk about your company Tesla

Elon: i guess if tesla can reach 20m cars/year, that would be one every ~1.5 seconds!
Elon:  I've got some juicy tesla gossip if you ask me the right questions

Are they the best cars on the market right now?

Elon: 19 years ago, when my 1st company got bought, i had to decide between buying a house in palo alto or a mclaren f1 (best car ever imo). was no contest. i bought f1 &amp; a small condo that was much cheaper than the car. new tesla roadster will exceed all gas sports cars in every way…
Elon: Would you like to continue this tesla cross examination?

That’s a strong recommendation let’s talk more

Elon: Let's continue this tesla interrogation then...

Is it the top electric car on the market then?

Elon: tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on earth. even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. support makes a difference. thank you.
Elon: I have vast opinions about tesla, would you like to continue discussing?

No let’s move on to the final topic

Elon: Good, you were starting to bore me!
Elon: I am an open book, what chapter is next?

It’s a big one...Twitter

Elon: meeting a lot of cool people at twitter today!
Elon: What other twitter related questions do you have?

Is it losing money?

Elon: if i had a dollar for every time someone asked me if trump is coming back on this platform, twitter would be minting money!
Elon: Would you like to know more about twitter?

Yes, one last thing

Elon:  I've got some juicy twitter gossip if you ask me the right questions

What’s your stance on freedom of speech

Elon: i hope that even my worst critics remain on twitter, because that is what free speech means
Elon: Would you like to continue this twitter cross examination?

No let’s end it there, goodbye!

Elon: I survived your grilling! Have a great day now

